hey guys going on it's gonna be some
firefall PvP using the assault battle
frame one of the few battle frames I've
tried I've tried assault and I tried
dreadknot both of them pretty cool i
like the assault more than the
dread-nots but i have yet to try the
medic or the engineer or the recon but i
really like the assault this game is
definitely a ton of fun it's it's an MMO
see there's obviously gear there's level
at an equivalent to levels there's a
power scale I guess I really didn't know
what you'd call it but you progress your
character do you get more powerful as
you go but on top of that there's also
skill you know obviously it's an FPS to
their skill involved and it's really
neat it's really really cool the class
i'm playing right now I've got two
weapons equipped one of them is a plasma
cannon which does a ton of damage it
shoots out this big plasma beam that if
it direct impacts you it will do a ton
of damage and it also has a little bit
of a splash radius so if I get close to
a ting somebody it'll hit him for like a
200 or 150 but if I hit him directly
it'll hit them for a 400 you see right
here I pull a pretty good little
flanking maneuver right here and if I
made some better decisions and just
stuck it out with my plasma cannon
rather than switching to my assault
rifle I would have really fucked them up
and anyone that's played this game
realizes how much damage I'm doing right
here I'm getting like 400 splashes on
three people just tearing them up if I
was a little bit better at this game
this would have been an incredible clip
because I could have easily taken on all
those guys my aim was on point but
unfortunately I missed way too many
shots and still still came out so came
out pretty well it still got like three
kills and did a shitload of damage in
the thing about this game is you want to
do damage there are health and an ammo
on the map there are little health
power-ups and mo refills but they're not
like a plenty especially on this map
there's not that many on this map on
some maps like moisture farms there are
a lot of health and ammo spots but on
this map there's not as many so doing
damage is very important even if you're
not gonna get a kill you'll notice in
this game I don't even I don't pull out
a very high KD I get like I think I go
like five and four but my score there's
a guy that went seven and three and I
went five and four but I beat him and
score just because I did that much
damage to him he just happened to kill
people when they had low health things
like that so um yeah that's what that is
I think I am I'm not sure what happens
right here i have to run for my life the
maps in this game are cool i like it
there's little little paths like this is
one of the cooler maps there's lots of
little Pat's like that to run away and
unfortunately I'm not able to run away
right here and the way this game works
is it's kind of like Gears of War you
have a downstate definitely not i go
worse tues downstate when you're the
downstate ninety percent of the time
you're gonna die but there's a you know
there's a chance that someone can pick
you up most likely you're gonna die and
you can't fight back and you can't be
recovered out of the downstate you just
die so basically when you when you get
put into the downstate you have 10
seconds for someone to pick you up if no
one picks you up in those I think it's
15 seconds actually if no one picks you
up in those 15 seconds you die and
there's no chance for you to just get up
on your own that I know of unless
there's a piece of gear that'll do it or
something like that there's no way I
think you can't but anyway assault
battle frame ton of fun looking forward
to trying out the Recon the engineer the
medic um the dreadknots really cool I
don't know I kind of I kind of didn't
like it maybe it's just not my play
style it's it's very tanky you can take
a lot of damage you have this big
Gatling gun thing it's kind of like the
heavy and TSU which I also didn't like
so I guess it's just that's just a play
style that I don't like but you're kind
of slower more slumbering um I guess
class and you you can do you can do a
lot of damage i've seen some people do
really well with the dreadknots oh i
don't think it's a it's an underpowered
thing it's just uh i don't know what the
fuck I'm doing thing but I'm sure with
time i'll probably pick him back up
again because i'm more of a slow-paced
kind of player I don't really like
rushing around like super crazy but I
also want to try out the Recon the reek
am i do pretty well to recon it looks
pretty neat I've seen a few people do
really well with it so I don't know I'm
pretty interested to try them all out
they all appeal to me a lot engineer
looks cool with the turrets and medic I
don't even know how the medic even works
it but I've seen a lot of people run
around with that now too so I don't know
it looks pretty cool um overall have a
lot of fun with the pvp in this game
hopefully get some better gameplay for
you guys and I don't know do better but
pretty good game for you know me just
playing the game for one day
and yeah hope you guys enjoyed the video
and let me know you think on the
comments down below see you guys next
time I think it's coming up right here
right here yeah you gotta admit that's
fucking bad-ass now that that makes me
think the pvp in this game is gonna be a
shit load of fun it's gonna be a ton of
fun uh I just hope I just hope you don't
get bored of it I don't know